feat: add StateFile filed for env template data (#644)
helmfile/helmfile: docs/builtin-objects.md

# helmfile template built-in objects

- `Environment`: The information about the environment. This is set by the
  `--environment` flag. It has several objects inside of it:
  - `Environment.Name`: The name of the environment

> - `StateFile`: The information about the state file. It has several objects
>   inside of it:
>   - `StateFile.Name`: The name of the current state file
>   - `StateFile.BasePath`: The base path of the current state file

Reviewer: Sorry for the back-and-forth but I come up with a potentially better API:

```suggestion
- `Path`: The file path to the current helmfile. 
  - `Path.Dir`: The name of the directory in which the current helmfile resides
  - `Path.Base`: The file name, or the last element of the path of the current helmfile file
```

Also, I think "StateFile.BasePath" a.k.a "Path.Dir" can be a security hole if the attacker uses it to grab information about the directory structure of the helmfile's execution environment.

How would you use `StateFile.BasePath`? An example helmfile.yaml would help!

Author: @mumoshu  No worries. the new name is better. it's easy to update the code. I will do that today.

# environment template built-in objects

- `Environment`: The information about the environment. This is set by the
  `--environment` flag. It has several objects inside of it:
  - `Environment.Name`: The name of the environment
- `StateFile`: The information about the state file. It has several objects
  inside of it:
  - `StateFile.Name`: The name of the current state file
  - `StateFile.BasePath`: The base path of the current state file

>   - `StateFile.RootPath`: The path of the root state file

Reviewer: I think we'd better name it:

```suggestion
  - `RootStateFile.Path`: The path of the root state file
```

along with RootStateFile.Name and RootStateFile.BasePath if we are to expose those fields, for consistency.

Reviewer: What is the expected use-case of the root path?

> # environment template built-in objects

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# helmfile template built-in objects
```

We have ambiguity on how to call it- helmfile, helmfile.yaml, helmfile config, and helmfile state file.

Since v1, it isn't going to be a yaml file so we shouldn't call it "helmfile.yaml".

helmfile "config" and "state" don't make much sense to me now as it's not the only config/state file if we consider it carefully- even a release values file might be conceptually a "config" or "state" file dedicated to a set of release values.

That said, "helmfile" looks to be the only viable option, although it doesn't sound perfect... 😢

Reviewer: I've used to call it "release set" in https://github.com/mumoshu/terraform-provider-helmfile.

If you like it, I think we can fully migrate to that starting v1. It might be documentation-only migration as I presume we don't have any occurrences of "state file" or "helmfile config file" in code and logs.

```suggestion
# releaseset template built-in objects
```

Reviewer: Well, we already call it "helmfile" for the `helmfiles` field in helmfile.yaml. Each helmfiles entry is called "sub-helmfile".

Shall we use "sub-releaseset" instead of "sub-helmfile"? 🤔 I'm not confident about what's best.

- `Environment`: The information about the environment. This is set by the
  `--environment` flag. It has several objects inside of it:
  - `Environment.Name`: The name of the environment
- `StateFile`: The information about the state file. It has several objects
  inside of it:
  - `StateFile.Name`: The name of the current state file
  - `StateFile.BasePath`: The base path of the current state file
- `RootStateFile`: The information about the root state file. It has several objects
  inside of it:

>   - `StateFile.Path`: The path of the root state file

Reviewer: @yxxhero It might be nicer if we could remove this RootStateFile for now, because it might introduce the ability for a sub-helmfile to depend on a dynamically determined "upper-level" helmfile, which can make our philosophy of ensuring each sub-helmfile independently runnable. WDYT?

Author: introduce the ability for a sub-helmfile to depend on a dynamically determined "upper-level" helmfile. this a the target of the PR. 😃  but if you disagree with this. I will update the code.

Author: @mumoshu

Author: And each sub-helmfile still is independent after the PR. 😄

Reviewer: Thanks for confirming @yxxhero!

> And each sub-helmfile still is independent after the PR

It is not if we merge this PR as-is, because now it's possible to make a helmfile work only when there's a specific root helmfile exist. For example, you refer to commands used in "exec" under a path relative to the root helmfile, it might work differently depending on where the actual root helmfile is located.

Author: yeah. make sense. I will update the code.

Reviewer: I was somehow confused if this is something for #623.
Assuming this is actually for #333, please check my response at https://github.com/helmfile/helmfile/discussions/333#discussioncomment-4813437

  inside of it:
  - `Release.Name`: The release name
  - `Release.Namespace`: The namespace to be released into
  - `Release.Labels`: The labels to be applied to the release
  - `Release.Chart`: The chart name of the release
  - `Release.KubeContext`: The kube context to be used for the release
- `Values`: Values passed into the environment.
- `StateValues`: alias for `Values`.
- `Environment`: The information about the environment. This is set by the
  `--environment` flag. It has several objects inside of it:
  - `Environment.Name`: The name of the environment
- `Chart`: The chart name for the release.
- `KubeContext`: The kube context to be used for the release
- `Namespace`: The namespace to be released into
- `StateFile`: The information about the state file. It has several objects
  inside of it:
  - `StateFile.Name`: The name of the current state file
  - `StateFile.BasePath`: The base path of the current state file
- `RootStateFile`: The information about the root state file. It has several objects
  inside of it:
  - `StateFile.Path`: The path of the root state file

The built-in values always begin with a capital letter. This is in keeping with

> Go's naming convention. When you create your own names, you are free to use a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Go's naming convention. When you define your own values and template variables, you are free to use a
```
